---
layout: post
title:  "Final Project"
permalink: /12/
---

### **Final Project**

Originally, my plan for my final project was to make a wearable technology device that would regulate body temperature. Essentially, my plan was to create a leotard that could manually warm the wearer up before class and then automatically cool them down during class. My original prototype was a circuit where a change in temperature resulted in different LED's lighting up based on how great the change in temperature was from the baseline. Moving forward with the mechanical process, however, proved to be quite difficult. From substantial research regarding textiles and wearable technology, I discovered that this project did not seem very feasabile. In my research, I stumbled upon researchers at the University of Maryland who developed a cloth coated in nanotubes that effectively could regulate body temperature. How this works is that when the wearer warms up, the fibers in the cloth tighten, allowing for bigger gaps in the cloth, and thus more ventalation. When the wearer cooled down, the cloth expanded to allow for greater insulation. 

<BR>
For a more detailed description of this initial protype, plans, and process [click here](https://juliaodavis.github.io/PHYS-S12-Assigments/04/). 

<BR>
I decided to move on to a different final project topic. My idea now is to create a guitar pedal that will change the color of LED's on a guitar when pressed (based on different effects). 

<BR>
Inspiration

1. [Electrosmash Guitar Pedal](https://create.arduino.cc/projecthub/electrosmash/arduino-uno-guitar-pedal-b2ba96?ref=search&ref_id=guitar&offset=1)
2. [Guitar with LED](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=reuLbLEwO38)


<BR>